Mizuki is the new vegan, new age cloud kitchen located at the heart of the city which right now is the talk of the town. It is started by 17 years old Shivam choraria who at this young age has gained inspiration from his travel experiences around the globe. Cooking was always his passion since he grew up seeing his grandmother cook delicious Indian delicacies. Even though Shivam is juggling between his studies and his work he has kept his priorities right. Shivam's life practice is, passion is the path to success IThe vegan journey for Shivam was not easy as it involved an enormous amount of research and brainstorming. His culinary experience in Asian food made it easier for him to choose Asian as his center of focus while deciding the cuisine for his vegan startup. He wanted the menu to have varieties and also wanted to discover dishes no one has ever thought of.

About Mizuki :
Mizuki's food menu is an ode to the world of flora and fauna where we believe in saying no to animal cruelty as all the sentient creatures have a right to live and freedom. Those times have gone where vegan food was all about vegetarian salads.
With its elaborate and western-style menu, Mizuki flaunts a variety of vegan sliders, omelets, main course, and yes vegan desserts. With its eclectic food, Mizuki also gives 100%attention to its packaging which is plastic-free and spells of hygiene.

Let's talk about food :
The food served at Mizuki is fresh and a perfect blend of Asian flavors. The menu boasts of greens for the health freaks, fries &fritters for the "oh so not calorie conscious people, sliders & noodles for the junk food lovers, and gourmet desserts to end a sumptuous vegan meal. The menu also has some freshly made signature oils and dips that are subtle and flavourful. And you know what makes all-time boring dishes unique at Mizuki?
The twist of Asian flavors. Some of the exclusively combined dishes made for your soul are kimchi fried rice, pumpkin noodles, jade noodles with coriander sauce, stuffed buns, lemon basil noodles, and the list goes on. Every dish served has its taste that will tickle your taste bud. The food doesn't only taste good but looks appealing too. Kimchi will give you Korean feels, the sliders & buns will give you American feels and noodles will give you the Chinese feel with a vegan twist.
So if you're looking to give your tastebuds a break from the boring food monotony you should try Mizuki and yes don't forget to take the food pictures to the Gram!

What else can you expect?
We have a series of vegan food fiesta coming your way. We will have a month of special surprises where you can look forward to the sushi festival, ramen's week where all week long we will serve ramen noodles with a twist like never before. So Be ready because we are going to tweak your favorite dish our style and serve you the Asian version of it. Sounds exciting? 
Will Taste even better. So stay tuned with Mizuki and be prepared for the food coma.